So the nice thing now by doing
it this way I can guarantee
that this dot props dot
images is always in array.
100% of time is always going to be array.
Which is nice because now I don't have
to have like defensive checks is this
an array do it this way is it
not an array don't do it right.
No one likes code like that.
It's nice if you can just guarantee.
Always gonna be an array,
I can always treat it like an array.
Otherwise here in my render method,
I have to say if this dot state dot
images otherwise make an array,
otherwise use the one that exists there.
Got this now.
I just get to always assume cool
images always going to be an array.
Okay?
Const active equals this.state const
images quals this dot props, right?
Upon activate of our state and
images out of our props.
I kinda put these side by side so
you can kinda think about for a second,
state belongs to carousel and
carousel can change state, right?
It can modify its own state.
Props comes from something
being passed in.
So in this case, it's either gonna
come from the default props, right?
Which is basically gonna be,
if I get no props give me this, or
it's gonna come from the parent.
Props are immutable, you cannot change
them because they come from the parent.
This is our one way data flow, right?
This should jive with what I've
already taught you so far, right?
You don't change the props that
come in from the parameters, right?
But for function components.
Same thing here, you don't modify
the props that come in from the parent.
It's one way data flow thing, okay.
Return, And then here we're just
gonna write a bit of markup.
Div class name equals carousel.
And here we're gonna put an image,
source equals images active, right?
This is gonna be The Active
is what we get for
the state's gonna be the index of
whatever thing they've selected.
And the all you probably
have better all Texas but
I'm just going to have animal for
the moment.
Div, class name equals
carousel smaller.
And then here,
we're gonna have images.map.
And then we're gonna have,
we're gonna take in photo and index.
Okay, and
then we're gonna put an image here.
Key=.
Src= Class Name equals.
So if it's the actively selected photo,
we wanna make it give it an active class,
right?
So we're gonna say index
triple equals active.
And if it's active,
give it an active class.
If it's not active, don't give it a class.
And the alt is gonna be equal to
something like animal thumbnail.
Okay?
So, so far,
we haven't given any interactivity has
no ability to switch which one selected.
But this probably should render
pretty okay at the moment.
So let's go do that,
let's go make that work.
I need you to pop over
to your details page.
And in your details page,
we're going to import
carousel from carousel.
Here in your de structuring
we got to pull out images.
And the first component inside
of DEV div dot detail so
right here we're going
to drop it Carousel.
And we're gonna say images=(images).
Okay, so I import the carousel at the top.
I pulled images out here on line 22
in the structuring statement here.
And then I just dropped
the carousel component
here above all the rest of the stuff,
okay?
So now you might need to
start your server again.
There we go and we put the nice
that little carousel there.
Let's go, if you click on the one
with Luna, Luna has several pictures.
So notice this one's a little bit
different this is because it has
the active class right so
it has like an old, opacity set on it.
But it doesn't have any interactivity yet,
right?
I can't click on these and
I won't change it.
We have to go add that part.
Cool, if you're having weird issues
with parcel at the moment or
just what you either start and stop your
server and that obviously worked for me.
If that didn't work for
me, then I would go delete parcel cache,
and I would delete dist.
Cuz those are generated files from
parcel and then rerun it again.
And just to show you how to do that dot
parcel cache, just sometimes node modules.
You shouldn't have to do that.
I haven't had to do that in a while.
But I would do it that way.
And then I would just
say npm run dev again.
It'll take a bit longer to start up,
so start totally from scratch, right?
And then you should end up
with something working again.
Particularly when you modify
Babel files like it's finicky.
That's where that whenever you modify
Babel, or like any like those config
files for your build processes, it's a
good idea to just start over from scratch.